Services
Solutions
Consulting
Industries
Customer Success
About Us
Operational Excellence
Resources
Enabling, Empowering Enterprises with Tomorrow’s Technology — TODAY!
Enabling, Empowering Enterprises with Tomorrow’s Technology — TODAY!
Embark on a transformative journey where INNOVATION meets IMPACT, shaping enterprises for unparalleled success and exponential growth.
Enabling, Empowering Enterprises with Tomorrow’s Technology — TODAY!
Enabling, Empowering Enterprises with Tomorrow’s Technology — TODAY!
SaaS Transformation: Redefining Supplier & Tenancy Management for Efficiency and Growth
SaaS-Powered Excellence: Transforming Solution Delivery in Supplier and Tenancy Management. Streamline processes, unlock efficiency, and amplify growth to stay ahead of the curve.
SaaS Transformation: Redefining Supplier & Tenancy Management for Efficiency and Growth
Enabling, Empowering Enterprises with Tomorrow’s Technology — TODAY!
Optimize, Automate, and Accelerate with Next-Gen Technology
Let Gen. AI, Salesforce, Oracle, and SAP propel your digital transformation and future-proof your business.
Optimize, Automate, and Accelerate with Next-Gen Technology
CloudJune crafts, architects, and engineers next-generation Generative Artificial Intelligence, Digital Solutions, and Cloud Deployments.
CloudJune crafts, architects, and engineers next-generation Generative Artificial Intelligence, Digital Solutions, and Cloud Deployments.
Imagine a world where artificial intelligence co-creates with humans, generating innovative solutions and accelerating progress. Generative AI is no longer science fiction – it’s here, and it’s transforming industries across the board.
At CloudJune, we unleash the power of Generative AI, where innovation meets intelligence. Our cutting-edge solutions redefine possibilities, propelling your business into a future of unprecedented growth and efficiency.
Discover the limitless potential and possibilities of AI.
Revolutionize your digital landscape with CloudJune, where our solutions transcend boundaries to craft immersive experiences and redefine engagement. Driving success through innovation and customer-centric strategies, we seamlessly integrate solutions that streamline processes, maximizing efficiency for unparalleled business performance.
Our commitment extends to delivering customized digital transformation services, tailored and targeted to align seamlessly with your business goals, ensuring innovation and success. Empowering you to drive transformative digital experiences for your customers.
CloudJune invites you to explore limitless possibilities.
Experience the CloudJune advantage in Cloud Solutions—where scalability meets reliability. Our cloud platforms empower businesses to thrive in an ever-evolving digital ecosystem. Unleash the potential of secure, flexible, and future-ready cloud infrastructure.
Our certified Cloud Architects, proficient in Azure, AWS, Oracle, navigate your journey. Seamlessly migrate, optimize, and secure your operations in the cloud. We architect unparalleled cloud solutions, ensuring scalability, reliability, and future-ready performance.
Experience CloudJune’s expertise.  
Unified | Holistic | Synergized – Transform operations seamlessly, elevate efficiency and enrich customers’ digital experience
Supplier Management System
Transform your supplier management with our cutting-edge SaaS-powered solution. Acquire a comprehensive 360-degree view of suppliers, slash procurement costs by 40%, and expedite procurement cycles. Enhance efficiency by 35% in inventory handling, ensuring transparent stakeholder engagement. Propel your business with real-time insights, increased employee productivity, and an elevated digital customer experience.
Tenancy Management System
Transform your tenancy management with CloudJune's advanced platform, seamlessly connecting tenants, owners, and management firms. Tenants enjoy swift services through a mobile-based interface, resulting in a 30% reduction in service response time for prompt satisfaction. Track payments effortlessly, experiencing a 25% improvement in operational efficiency. The intuitive UI/UX interface enhances customer satisfaction, making it a comprehensive and efficient tenancy management solution.
Product Engineering
CloudJune is where innovation and excellence converge in software engineering. Transform your startup or enterprise with Cloud June's groundbreaking software engineering solutions. We specialize in Fintech, Billing, CRM, Inventory Management, Real Estate, Supplier Management, and more. Turn your visions into reality with a 30% faster product development time and achieve a 20% higher user satisfaction rate through our unparalleled expertise in software product engineering.
In the dynamic landscape of Energy & Utilities, technological challenges are the norm rather than the exception. Legacy systems, data silos, and the relentless demand for sustainable solutions create an intricate web of hurdles.
We understand the pivotal role technology plays in the Energy & Utilities industry, and we’re here to transform the way you operate, thrive, and lead.
Solutions – Where innovation meets efficiency, and challenges transform into opportunities
Customer Cloud Services (CCS)
Customer Care and Billing (CC&B)
Meter Data Management (MDM)
Robotics Process Automation (RPA) with AI-driven chatbot
Customer to Meter(C2M) 
Digital Transformation
Work and Asset Management (WAM) 
Data Analytics
Strategic Synergy | Digitalization | Transformation – Salesforce | Oracle | SAP
Salesforce
Experience a 25% increase in operational efficiency and 30% higher customer engagement with our comprehensive digital transformation solutions.
Oracle
Unlock up to 40% cost savings and achieve 50% faster time-to-market with our tailored cloud solutions, driving efficiency, scalability, and innovation for your business.
SAP
Harness the power of data to realize up to 35% increase in revenue through actionable insights, enabling data-driven decisions that power business growth.


						The Cost-Benefit Analysis of Using CloudJune’s   Skill Engagement Program for Tech Talent					



						Humanizing AI: Transforming Machines into Trustworthy Partners					



						Transforming Utilities with AIOps: The Future of Operational Efficiency and Reliability					

Some of our esteemed customers:
Our Valued Partners:
” We Selected Cloud June to manage and drive our Technology roadmap and execution Plan, Over the Last Couple of years. “
Leading Industry, ME
” Our collaboration with Cloud June has been highly successful in navigating key challenges and helping us navigate turbulent times. “
Leading Industry, TR
” In the last couple of years, Cloud June has been working with us on building the next-generation cruise property management system. “
Leading Industry, ME
” Cloud has been instrumental in ensuring the successful go-live of an Oracle MDM solution to enable the billing of over 10m customers . “
Leading Industry, TR
Hi, I'm June. How can I help you?
Open Hours:
Services
Operational Excellence
Solutions
Consulting
Industries
Resources
Customer Success
About
Privacy | Terms | Sitemap